# 21 May 2025 — Day 7

Date in US: 20 May 2025

## News & Summary

Muted S&P500 futures, down -0.2% an hour before open. [China's iPhone exports to U.S. plunge to 14 year low](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/live/trump-tariffs-live-updates-china-iphone-exports-to-us-plunge-to-14-year-low-amid-tariff-tensions-191201819.html).

- [BearBullTraders Premarket Show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DA_kvImDVVA)

## Selected Tickers

### QBTS

Identified from ZenBot Gap Up market scanner, on news of [general availability of it's Advantage2 Quantum computer](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/d-wave-announces-general-availability-110000307.html), amongst a [backdrop of record Q1 revenue](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ibn-coverage-d-wave-quantum-193000855.html).

| Key         | Value  | Classification | Source                   |
| ----------- | ------ | -------------- | ------------------------ |
| Market Cap. | $3.84B |                | Yahoo Finance            |
| Float       | 279.4M |                | Yahoo Finance            |
| Avg. Volume | 66.7M  |                | ZenBot "Avg Vol" column  |
| ATR (Daily) | $1.25  |                | ZenBot "D1 ATR $" column |

### PTIX

Identified from a continuation of yesterday's news around a business move to evaluate candidates for obesity drugs.

| Key         | Value | Classification | Source                       |
| ----------- | ----- | -------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Market Cap. | $5.4M | Small-cap      | ZenBot "Market Cap" in modal |
| Float       | 500K  | Low float      | ZenBot "Float" in modal      |
| Avg. Volume | 6.3M  |                |                              |
| ATR (Daily) | $1.39 |                | ZenBot "D1 ATR $1" column    |

### AS

[Q1 earnings beat](https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/amer-sports-raises-fy-outlook-stock). Company expects EPS to be $0.02, with 16–18% revenue growth. Stock up 10.7% in premarket.

| Key         | Value  | Classification | Source                           |
| ----------- | ------ | -------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Market Cap. | $19.1B |                | ZenBot "Market Cap" in modal     |
| Float       | 110.8M |                | ZenBot "Float" in modal          |
| Avg. Volume | 4.1M   |                | ZenBot "Average Volume" in modal |
| ATR         | $1.35  |                | ZenBot "D1 ATR $1" column        |

### CRWV

Identified from BearBullTraders premarket show.

| Key         | Value | Classification | Source |
| ----------- | ----- | -------------- | ------ |
| Market Cap. |       |                |        |
| Float       |       |                |        |
| Avg. Volume |       |                |        |
| ATR         |       |                |        |

## Trades

### QBTS Long (#1)

### QBTS Long (#2)

## What went right?

- My initial two trades of QBTS were both positive P&L. 

## What went wrong?

- I copy traded Carlos on entering QBTS for my first initial trade. Although I got lucky in this instance, copytrading does not encourage independent thinking.
- My third trade, which I have not documented here, was for CRWV which did not go as planned. Using the buy/sell hotkeys, I accidentally purchased 100 shares instead of my planned 20, leaving my position over-sized. Additionally, I fumbled my order management and was not able to sell my position until my loss was twice that of my intended (manual) stop-loss.

## What improvements can I make?

- [ ] Begin writing a macOS application that allows me to bind my own hotkeys for orders arbitrarily. A requirement of this is I would need to install the TWS API which is a python TCP server colocated with either TWS or IB Gateway, running on the local machine.
	- I would then write a client script in Python to interface with TWS API that acted as an intermediary server between my Swift application and TWS API.
	- For quicker development, I could use a helper library to interact with the TWS API such as [`ib_async`](https://github.com/ib-api-reloaded/ib_async) This is likely the quickest path to something functional.
	- Alternatively, there is an [`IBKit`](https://github.com/stensoosaar/IBKit) Swift package, however it doesn't seem particularly up to date. This would negate the need to run a Python server.
		- Downside is this doesn't seem up to date.
	- I could write my own bindings in Swift to the IB Gateway if I didn't want to rely on any dependencies.
- [ ] Consider alternative trading platform software such as DAS Trader Pro. This however is expensive, the plan I would likely need is US$150/month.

## What did I learn?

- DAS Trader Pro, when connected with Interactive Brokers, is not Direct Access Software (this is documented in [Ross Cameron's review of the platform](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOJu4dKNmu0)). Instead, 
	- Ross Cameron doesn't like DAS Trader Pro's charting and uses his own licenced TradingView charting.
- When TWS has an order size of "default", this refers to the number of shares in the "Presets" global configuration, and _not_ the number in the rapid order entry window.

Finally, I shouldn't let this dysfunctional software situation discourage me from this endeavour. The fundamentals of me learning this skill are independent of the platform I use, and I will feel more confident investing resources and money into this if I can prove that statistically I am a profitable daytrader.

I should continue to daytrade in my paper account, using mouseclicks to buy and sell shares in IBKR TWS, while I work on a long-term solution to my desired setup. 
