# 22 May 2025 — Day 8

Date in US: 21 May 2025

## News & Summary

ES=F futures down -0.6% in premarket. 

- [Bear Bull Traders Premarket Show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMc_91bTlqg)

## Selected Tickers

### QBTS

Identified from continuation from yesterday's news.

| Key         | Value | Classification | Source |
| ----------- | ----- | -------------- | ------ |
| Market Cap. |       |                |        |
| Float       |       |                |        |
| Avg. Volume |       |                |        |
| ATR         |       |                |        |

### XPEV

Identified from: 

| Key         | Value | Classification | Source |
| ----------- | ----- | -------------- | ------ |
| Market Cap. |       |                |        |
| Float       |       |                |        |
| Avg. Volume |       |                |        |
| ATR         |       |                |        |

## Trades

### QBTS Long (#1) — 2:40:28 AM

Entered on high volume after engulfing 1 minute candle followed by a second momentum candle at 2:39AM, with the 9 EMA crossing the 20EMA in the minute before. However, it bounced off VWAP and I covered a minute later, at a low. A better point of entry would have been on crossing the VWAP as an additional measure of confirmation.

1. I would not have taken this trade if I knew my Session VWAP was set incorrectly because I was showing extended hours in the graph.
2. In retrospect, I should have noted that the price action was making lower highs and lower lows in the 30 minutes prior.
3. I could have let my trade run a bit longer as the price action continued to respect the 9 EMA for another 2 minutes, but it ultimately would not have generated a positive trade.

### QBTS Long (#2) — 3:13:01 AM

Entered on a momentum shift after a bottom reversal. Entry price was too high—I should have entered 2 minutes earlier as the conditions were already present: a nice consolidation at the support level of $16.26, followed by a jump in volume in the next minute candle. Instead, my entry was significantly higher at $16.54 when the momentum was almost over. This also meant my stop loss, which was the support level, was much lower, exposing myself to more risk.

Like the first trade, I did not realise that Session VWAP was including premarket and thus the momentum rejected off of it, and I covered at $16.63 as it trended downwards off the rejection.

I probably would have taken this trade, but I did not realise it was constrained to VWAP as the likely take profit at the time.

### QBTS Long (#3) — 3:26:57 AM

Entered on volume and momentum as QBTS crossed the VWAP on a solid respect for the 9 EMA. Two minutes of consolidation followed this, with another two momentum candles reaching a high of $17.00 before the momentum met significant resistance at the $17.00 level.

From a P&L perspective this was my best trade of the day—but it still performed poorly with a 0.49% return. Scared from earlier trades, I likely took profit too early which constrained my returns.

### QBTS Long (#4) — 3:58:22 AM

I should not have taken this trade—I "felt like" it was making higher lows while meeting significant resistance at the $17.00 level, which was poised for a breakout. Watching the Level 2 data, it took several minutes to exhaust the sell action at the $17.00 price. The result of this was the breakout only occurred at 4:07AM, a full 9 minutes after my entry, leaving my money exposed.

Following the breakout, I took profit on the momentum candle, but exited after a reversal to the downside. I should not take trades where I "feel like" something might happen.

## What went right?

- Right

## What went wrong?

- Because I had my TradingView charts set to show ETH during the morning, the VWAP Session indicator took into account premarket volume in its calculation. This is less respected than VWAP that only accounts for regular market hours, and caused me to miss a rejection off VWAP for QBTS.
- The volume shown in TradingView is materially different when only the Cboe One network is considered. 
- I arguably over traded. In particular, my fourth trade was based on _hoping_ that there would be a breakout above the $17.00 price point, rather than waiting for confirmation.

## What improvements can I make?

- [ ] Improvement
- [ ] When I buy TradingView, I should also buy U.S. market data.
- [ ] I should build a macOS hotkey application.

## What did I learn?

- Session VWAP that includes premarket/extended hours is not as well respected only includes regular trading.
