# 15 May 2025 — Day 3

Date in US: 14 May 2025

## News & Summary

[S&P500 Futures neutral as fears of 2025 recession reduce.](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-china-tariff-pause-has-wall-street-scaling-back-recession-calls-100054918.html)

## Selected Tickers

### SMR

[NuScale surges after good Q1 earnings](https://www.benzinga.com/news/25/05/45383335/nuscale-smr-stock-surges-21-after-smashing-q1-revenue-estimates).

### AEVA

Self-selected from ZenBot scanner.

### LUNR

Copied from the day before.

### MRK

Discovered in Discord. Excellent consistent downward price action below EMA for a short position.

### RDDT

Discovered in Discord. Excellent consistent upward price action above EMA for a long position.

## Trades

Not recorded.

## What went right?

1. The Discord groups I am in appear to be useful.
2. Even though I was using market orders with no stop loss, I manually stopped out and sold when the trade exited my planned thesis, demonstrating good risk management.
3. I was careful not to overtrade.

## What went wrong?

1. Order confirmation screen setting on TradingView tripped me up and made entries slower.
    1. Confirms hotkeys are a must for any fast trades.
2. Usage of market orders made my entries sub-optimal.
3. All five trades had poor entry, little to no volume confirmation, and were not profitable.

## What improvements can I make?

- [ ] Despite watching a video on the Long & Short position tools, I find the sizing and entry ergonomics counter-intuitive. Force myself to use it, or switch to a better tool.
- [ ] Learn the difference between Limit and Marketable Limit orders.
- [ ] Find a way within TradingView to set marketable limit orders instead of using market buys and sells.
- [ ] Find video courses I can watch.
- [ ] Re-read sections on patterns in book and consolidate notes.
- [ ] Find out how Andrew Aziz enters trades with hotkeys.
- [ ] Find out how Trader Workstation might handle hotkeys.

## What did I learn?

* Consider the correlation with SPX when both selecting tickets and entering trades. Trading against market flow is probably suboptimal.
