# 13 May 2025 — Day 1

Date in US: 12 May 2025

## News & Summary

- S&P500 futures up over 3% on negotiation of trade deal between U.S. & China, duties to drop 115% by Wednesday,
- American tariffs 145% → 30%, Chinese tariffs from 125% → 10%
- Trump talks about making drugs cheaper.

## Selected Tickers

### UPXI

1.1m float, $17m cap, short ratio 0.07
Up 23%+ pre-market on purchasing $100m Solana tokens.

### SOC

57.6m float, $2.05b, short ratio 6.76
Earnings report. Never did anything interesting, with very minimal if not untradeable price action.

### BKSY

25.75m float, $262.15m, short ratio 4.49
Earnings beat.

### SOUN

I later found SOUN which proved to be the better ticker to day trade, as it had good volume and decent price movements.

## Trades

Although I didn’t initially find any tickers that were good, when I found SOUN, I managed to theoretically execute two paper trades:

1. Entered on what likely was point C in an ABCD pattern.
    1. Felt I had good theoretical SL, but, negatives:
    2. That was not the pattern I intended to trade.
    3. No volume on entry—therefore a bad entry.
    4. Ultimately profited, but did not have a good RR.
   
2. Entered on an uptrend in volume after stock bounced off the 50MA.
    1. Entry felt bad because I didn’t see a pattern.
    2. But did wait for volume confirmation before buying.
    3. Good theoretical RR selection with the low of the previous candle acting as support, and TP until the chart no longer respected the 9EMA.
    4. Accidentally sold instead of bought!

## What went right?

The trades discussed above.

## What went wrong?

Bad ticker selection. None of the stocks I looked at did anything interesting.

## What improvements can I make?

- [ ] Learn more about ZenBot premarket scanner.
- [ ] Use a pre-provided ZenBot premarket scanner.
- [ ] Refine my custom ZenBot premarket scanner.
- [ ] Read up on if volume matters for ABCD trade entry.
- [x] Buy IBKR market data, and see if that makes any difference to the data stream present in TradingView.
- [ ] Learn the long position tool in TradingView.
- [ ] Learn hot keys and position sizing in TradingView.

## What did I learn?

1. TradingView indicator tips:
    1. Halftrend indicator on TradingView.
    2. Wave trend indicator.
2. Using volume at peak of stocks to swing trade shorts on the way down and use that volume as resistance.
