# 2025-05-24 — Day 10

Date in US: 2025-05-23

## News & Summary

ES=F down 1.6% on Trump trade war threats:

- [Trump threatens new tariffs on Apple, EU in latest escalation of trade war](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/live/tariffs-live-updates-trump-threatens-new-tariffs-on-apple-eu-in-latest-escalation-of-trade-war-191201009.html)
- [US Stocks Likely To Open On A Mixed Note: 'Nothing Good Happens Above A 5% Yield,' Says Expert](https://www.benzinga.com/government/regulations/25/05/45583163/us-stocks-likely-to-open-on-a-mixed-note-nothing-good-happens-above-a-5-yield-says-expert)
- Bond Auctions
- [Bear Bull Traders premarket show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8otj9iH4ZTA)

## Selected Tickers

### AAPL

Added on trade war news, for the potential that it could be oversold.

| Key         | Value | Classification | Source         |
| ----------- | ----- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Market Cap. | $2T   |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Float       | 14B   |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Avg. Volume | 63.4M |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| ATR (Daily) | $5.07 |                | ZenBot Scanner |

### OKLO

[Nuclear energy policy change rumour](https://www.cnbc.com/2025/05/23/nuclear-stocks-rally-on-report-trump-to-sign-orders-to-support-industry.html)—all nuclear stocks up.

| Key         | Value  | Classification | Source         |
| ----------- | ------ | -------------- | -------------- |
| Market Cap. | $5.0B  |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Float       | 101.1M |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Avg. Volume | 13.2M  |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| ATR (Daily) | $3.66  |                | ZenBot Scanner |

### QBTS

Identified from pullback on previous days.

| Key         | Value | Classification | Source         |
| ----------- | ----- | -------------- | -------------- |
| Market Cap. | $5.3B |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Float       | 275M  |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Avg. Volume | 79.3M |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| ATR (Daily) | $1.95 |                | ZenBot Scanner |

### SMCI

Identified from BearBullTraders premarket show.

| Key         | Value  | Classification | Source         |
| ----------- | ------ | -------------- | -------------- |
| Market Cap. | $23.6B |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Float       | 512M   |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| Avg. Volume | 53.4M  |                | ZenBot Scanner |
| ATR         | $2.98  |                | ZenBot Scanner |

## Trades

### SMCI Long (#1) — 1:39:39 AM

I entered SMCI long on the _hope_ that it would bounce off the VWAP on a candle that tested it. This was a bad trade for several reasons I document below, and I was justified in being eating a heavy negative P&L (-1.13%) in response after stopping out as the price dipped too steeply. 

SMCI stayed very close to VWAP and trended net down for the majority of the session—a momentum trade would've been possible at 5AM as the session drew to a close, but it was too early in the morning for me at this point.

I will not trade on "hopes" again.

#### What was bad about this trade?

- I entered on hopes, not confirmations.
- The 9 and 20 EMAs were working against me after open because of delta between prior market close and market open.
- I had no defined stop loss in mind other than "close to VWAP", and waited too long before manually stopping out.

### OKLO Long (#2) — 1:52:00 AM

My best trade to date by a substantial margin. In retrospect, everything was working in my favour on this, with a positive news catalyst supporting the direction, technical indicators being respected, and a strong consistent climb upwards.

I entered on noticing a consolidation followed by a momentum candle that respected the 9EMA very well. This trend continued for nearly 30 minutes after entry. My only regret was taking profits too early—I knew the 9 EMA was being respected, it was not necessary to be so aggressive in selling.

#### #### What was good about this trade?

* Good technicals and environment made this an excellent momentum trade.

#### What was bad about this trade?

- I continued to take profits too early, with two partials taken within two minutes of entry severely limiting my P&L.
- There was a second bull flag present after my entry that would have presented a good opportunity to buy more as at this point I was already sure the pattern was present.
- I could have also entered earlier at 1:36AM or 1:40AM as both of these times the price action bounced off VWAP.

### QBTS Long (#3) — 3:10:57 AM

Again, I noticed that the QBTS price action was respecting the 9 and 20 EMA, after a dip below at 3:06AM was rejected,  so took a trade based on this in a consolidation period after the rejection, but there was heavy resistance at the $19.00 mark that it could not push above of (except for briefly).

The stock briefly spiked to $19.17, after which an indecision candle formed and it sold off, and I covered to protect my P&L. This sell-off continued until it bounced off at VWAP at 3:56AM, which was followed by excellent upward price action (although not completely respecting the 9 and 20 EMAs), which would have been a more plausible trade.

#### What was good about this trade?

* I had reasonable expectation to believe the 9 and 20 EMAs were respected.
* I sized my shares down to half (100 instead of my pre-market 200) as a risk reduction strategy.

#### What was bad about this trade?

- Heavy resistance at the $19.00 mark made further gains minimal.

## What went right?

- OKLO felt like my first good trade where I had a decent risk to reward and overall P&L percentage.
- I made risk reduction decisions by downsizing my quantity of shares in my QBTS trade before entering.

## What went wrong?

- SMCI trade was inarguably bad and relied on pure hope.

## What improvements can I make?

- [ ] Before each trade, state the pattern I am entering as a second step to confirm the trade makes sense and follows my strategy.

## What did I learn?

- Learning
